README.md, before:

ReMo Portal
===========

![docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/remo/badge/?version=latest&style=)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/remo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/remo) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/mozilla/remo/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/mozilla/remo?branch=master)

The [Mozilla Reps portal](https://reps.mozilla.org/) provides the tools for Reps to be successful
in their day to day activities and also receive mentorship for 
continued development. It also provides metrics for understanding 
and evaluating Mozilla's grass-roots community engagement efforts. 

Project information
-------------
How to get involved and other project information is described at
https://wiki.mozilla.org/Websites/ReMo_Mozilla_Reps

Documentation
-------------
See http://remo.readthedocs.org/ or build the /docs folder.

How to file bugs
-------------
If you want to file a bug, go to [bugzilla.mozilla.org](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/) and file it under
`Mozilla Reps > reps.mozilla.org`. If you then want to give a Pull Request, mention
the bug number in the pull request to help with tracking.

Commit message:

Add Bugzilla ticket query to README

README.md, after:

ReMo Portal
===========

![docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/remo/badge/?version=latest&style=)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/remo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/remo)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/mozilla/remo/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/mozilla/remo?branch=master)

The [Mozilla Reps portal](https://reps.mozilla.org/) provides the tools for Reps to be successful
in their day to day activities and also receive mentorship for
continued development. It also provides metrics for understanding
and evaluating Mozilla's grass-roots community engagement efforts.

Project information
-------------
How to get involved and other project information is described at
https://wiki.mozilla.org/Websites/ReMo_Mozilla_Reps

Documentation
-------------
See http://remo.readthedocs.org/ or build the /docs folder.

How to find bugs to work on
-------------

You can find all open bugs on the [Bugzilla overview](https://mzl.la/2BJuvmo).

How to file bugs
-------------
If you want to file a bug, go to [bugzilla.mozilla.org](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/) and file it under
`Mozilla Reps > reps.mozilla.org`. If you then want to give a Pull Request, mention
the bug number in the pull request to help with tracking.
