docs/runserver.rst, before:

==============================
Fire up the development server
==============================

These are the steps to run locally your development server.

Vagrant Installation
--------------------

#. **Start django devserver.**

   Within your vagrant machine you can start django devserver by
   running::

     $ cd project
     ~/project$ ./manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000

   .. note::

      The `~/project` directory within the VM mirrors the contents of
      the `~/remo/` directory in you machine. So you can hack on your
      machine, using your favorite editor and your changes get
      reflected to the VM immediately.

   .. note::

      Since we are running the django webserver inside a VM it's
      required that bind the server on all network interfaces, so it's
      accessible from the host machine. Thus the use of *0.0.0.0:8000*
      in the command.

#. **Visit our local installation of the ReMo Portal.**

   You are done! Point Firefox to `<http://127.0.0.1:8000>`_.

VirtualEnv Installation
-----------------------

#. **Start django devserver.**

   Within your virtual environment you can start django devserver by
   running::

     (venv)$ ./manage.py runserver


#. **Visit our local installation of the ReMo Portal.**

   You are done! Point Firefox to `<http://127.0.0.1:8000>`_.

Commit message:

Open link in runserver doc in a new tab.

docs/runserver.rst, after:

==============================
Fire up the development server
==============================

These are the steps to run locally your development server.

Vagrant Installation
--------------------

#. **Start django devserver.**

   Within your vagrant machine you can start django devserver by
   running::

     $ cd project
     ~/project$ ./manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000

   .. note::

      The `~/project` directory within the VM mirrors the contents of
      the `~/remo/` directory in you machine. So you can hack on your
      machine, using your favorite editor and your changes get
      reflected to the VM immediately.

   .. note::

      Since we are running the django webserver inside a VM it's
      required that bind the server on all network interfaces, so it's
      accessible from the host machine. Thus the use of *0.0.0.0:8000*
      in the command.

#. **Visit our local installation of the ReMo Portal.**

   You are done! Point Firefox to |vagrant_link|.

   .. |vagrant_link| raw:: html

      <a href="http://127.0.0.1:8000" target="_blank">127.0.0.1:8000</a>

VirtualEnv Installation
-----------------------

#. **Start django devserver.**

   Within your virtual environment you can start django devserver by
   running::

     (venv)$ ./manage.py runserver


#. **Visit our local installation of the ReMo Portal.**

   You are done! Point Firefox to |virtualenv_link|.

   .. |virtualenv_link| raw:: html

      <a href="http://127.0.0.1:8000" target="_blank">127.0.0.1:8000</a>
